docs: :pencil: remove "evakom" from website setup code chunk (#6)
steno-aarhus/sdca-theme: README.md

```

Then modify the rest of the files as needed. Then continue with the next

> bit of code (Note that you need to change `<repo-name>` to the name of
> the new repository):

Author: ```suggestion
bit of code (Note that you need to change `<repo-name>` and `<team-name` to
the actual names)
```
